[C#] Add constructors exercise (#1389)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/constructors/.docs/instructions.md

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
```

### 2. Creating a race track

Allow creating a race track by defining a constructor for the `RaceTrack` class that takes the track's distance in meters as its sole parameter (which is of type `int`):

```csharp
int distance = 800;
var raceTrack = new RaceTrack(distance);
```

### 3. Drive the car

Implement the `RemoteControlCar.Drive()` method that updates the number of meters driven based on the car's speed. Also implement the `RemoteControlCar.DistanceDriven()` method to return the number of meters driven by the car:

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
car.Drive();

car.DistanceDriven();
// => 5
```

### 4. Check for a drained battery

Update the `RemoteControlCar.Drive()` method to drain the battery based on the car's battery drain. Also implement the `RemoteControlCar.BatteryDrained()` method that indicates if the battery is drained:

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
car.Drive();

car.BatteryDrained();
// => false
```

> ### 5. Create the Nitro remote control car

Reviewer: ZOMG! :D

Author: :D

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
```

### 2. Creating a race track

Allow creating a race track by defining a constructor for the `RaceTrack` class that takes the track's distance in meters as its sole parameter (which is of type `int`):

```csharp
int distance = 800;
var raceTrack = new RaceTrack(distance);
```

### 3. Drive the car

Implement the `RemoteControlCar.Drive()` method that updates the number of meters driven based on the car's speed. Also implement the `RemoteControlCar.DistanceDriven()` method to return the number of meters driven by the car:

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
car.Drive();

car.DistanceDriven();
// => 5
```

### 4. Check for a drained battery

Update the `RemoteControlCar.Drive()` method to drain the battery based on the car's battery drain. Also implement the `RemoteControlCar.BatteryDrained()` method that indicates if the battery is drained:

```csharp
int speed = 5;
int batteryDrain = 2;
var car = new RemoteControlCar(speed, batteryDrain);
car.Drive();

car.BatteryDrained();
// => false
```

> ### 5. Create the top of the line remote control car
> 
> The current top of the line car is the Nitro, which speed is a stunning 50 meters with a battery drain of 4%. Implement the (static) `RemoteControlCar.TopOfTheLine()` method to return this top of the line car:
> 
> ```csharp
> var car = RemoteControlCar.TopOfTheLine();
> car.Drive();
> car.DistanceDriven();
> // => 50
> ```
> 

Author: Ah, I didn't know. What if we did:

```suggestion
### 5. Create the Nitro remote control car

The best-selling remote control car is the Nitro, which has a stunning top speed of 50 meters with a battery drain of 4%. Implement the (static) `RemoteControlCar.Nitro()` method to return this type of car:

```csharp
var car = RemoteControlCar.Nitro();
car.Drive();
car.DistanceDriven();
// => 50
```

```

> 

Reviewer 2: I like this!
